update .openhands instructions (#5821)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/modules/usage/prompting/customization.md

# Customizing Agent Behavior

OpenHands can be customized to work more effectively with specific repositories by providing repository-specific context and guidelines. This section explains how to optimize OpenHands for your project.

## Repository Configuration

> You can customize OpenHands' behavior for your repository by creating a `.openhands` directory in your repository's root. At minimum, it should contain the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize OpenHands' behavior for your repository by creating a `.openhands` directory in your home directory. At minimum, it should contain the file
```

Author: This is a different dir 🙃 I moved the homedir one to `.openhands-state` for clarity
